hi my name is marcin Yuniesky and i'm
one of the co-founders after the break
I'd like to invite you to take a closer
look at our upcoming triple-a RPG sequel
to the critically acclaimed waitress The
Witcher has got over 100 awards and
until this day has sold over 1.2 million
units being a PC on the game The Witcher
2 assassins of kings is a robust
pureblood RPG with an extremely modern
next game look and feel please take a
look at the
hi my name is Mark gemach and I'm one of
the designers on which are two assassins
of kings i'm here to present a handful
of this new productions most interesting
features features we believe will make
the game want to remember for a long
time to come the incredible graphics are
one of the first things you'll notice
about the game the witcher 2 visuals
will be one of its strengths taking full
advantage of the normal and parallax
mapping we've created several hundred
high quality models for the game
including games like the dragon you're
seeing right now cool isn't it which was
right about one we've also entirely
revamped our system for generating
day-night cycles coupled with the new
engine which is responsible for dynamic
shadows the system has allowed us to
produce some of the most realistic
environments ever in the history of RPGs
The Witcher 2 will incorporate a
completely new dialogue system whose
dynamic camera will place players smack
in the middle of an interactive movie
where they determine how even some fold
you'd best stay with me princes under
any other circumstances I'd stay but
this is important besides I'm broke come
on time's a waste Alice court she said
she loved me we've also done away with
the world where girls action had no
effect on other characters in The
Witcher 2 player behavior will prompt
other characters reactions that will
range from the poignant to the comic
what was that oh shit it's a mini mouth
what just happened
captain Lester with my head office
independent characters will lead their
own lives pursuing their own agendas and
engaging in daily routines that in some
cases are not too Pleasant in so doing
they might assist Garold hinder his
efforts turn friend or foe fortifying
the watch time corporal yes your
company's a bunch of clowns and cowards
or the works to be done by tomorrow no
excuse my way sir first row step forward
hit the deck everyone give me sitting
neck in blunder true for you to know
that
now I told you to get some sleep bring
us no shame a system of finishing moves
well known from the first which early
likewise be revamped making combat even
more dynamic spectacular and blood
giving players exactly what they like
best we'll be using the half of physics
engine in producing the refer to this
will let us expand the range of
offensive moves something really excited
about they shouldn't expect you here
careful who you trust quick time events
will be yet another innovation this
technology will take gals confrontation
with bosses to another level boss fights
will become all the more spectacular
energetic and memorable you know what
makes is different
I don't care your ignorance
it's the very reason you die
Oh
pathetic
ah
Oh
ready i have to kill you guess what kill
your kind
I hope you've enjoyed the presentation
of the witcher 2 assesses of kings
thanks for watching